---
title: Update Log
---

## Update Log - v2.0

#### Date: 20th July 2024

### Major and Core Changes

#### Grinder System and Commands

The primary update involves significant changes to the grinder system and their commands. From now on, there will no longer be separate or different prefixes and command names for each tier. Instead, all tiers will now follow the same prefixes and command names.

For detailed information on the new grinder commands, please refer to the [documentation on grinder commands](../cmds/grcmds.md).

#### Grinder System Settings for Tiers

Another major change in the grinder system is the settings for tiers. You will no longer use commands such as `settierlow`, `settiermid`, or `settierhigh`. Instead, there is now a single command named `!setup-grinders` to set up all the tiers with just one command.

**Important:** You must enable all the tiers you were using with the `setup-grinders` command. Otherwise, some of the new commands will not work properly.

For detailed information on the new grinder setup command, please refer to the [documentation on setup-grinders](../configs/grinderconfig.md).


### Additional Major Changes

#### Perks and Role Configuration

You can now set up all the perks and configure roles yourself instead of asking me to add those roles. Use the command `/setup-bot-config` to configure these settings.

**Note:** You must set up the bot first after this update.

For detailed information on the new bot setup command, please refer to the [documentation on setup-bot-config](../configs/generalconfig.md).

### General Information

Please refer to the documentation for information about commands and everything else, as the bot's inbuilt help command is not fully up to date.

For any questions, queries, or concerns, reach out to the Support Server: [https://discord.com/invite/CyZKrzjkKB](https://discord.com/invite/CyZKrzjkKB). Try to avoid direct messages if possible, as I might not be instantly available. It's my birthday tomorrow :)

Thank you for your understanding and cooperation.
